Let me introduce myself to everyone.
This is my daughter.
Not ashamed to be the daughter of the Ninth Family
It's like coagulated fat.
- Beautiful. - Yeah, yeah.
Oh, what a pity.
I have a scar on my face.
Even diligence is powerless.
I know.
You are all top talents in the medical community of Yanjing city.
"Whoever can cure this little girl is my benefactor"...
If we get the support of the King of Nine
Huyen Huyen
See how you can escape from my palm
Nine Houses
This was our Trieu family's only trip to Bataan.
Just Ms. Vuong take it.
I promise to go to Trieu Gia's Kitchen.
If you can cure my daughter...
From now on you will be a guest of my King's house.
This.
What's wrong? Why play the guitar?
Zhao Yunjie wants to open the door
Why do you say that?